Hello, I would be over the last week
I'm sick of it because of that
a little strange but I wanted
anyway you mean the mps for today
show the january and it's a very
Nice big bag and that's why
we begin direct ran
the first thing you bought are the
berliner damp towels that are 150
wet towels in such a plastic can
and I like to have my make-up table
stand to wipe my hands or
to wipe the watchers the cost
very little and for the face I would
they do not want to take but for the
Hands are enough in any case
then yes only needs shampoo and
I 've got the hole from barea
I bought shampoo before I stood now
a few times because I also from
Nature starts from less or curly hair
Of course today, not nature and me
thought maybe it helps a bit
to lure the natural ones better
to come out
and I mean Lucy has that too
mentioned video and says that works
that's why I just wanted to
Testing then needs a new one
shaving gel and that's why I have that from
balda bought so far windeler and me
Do not know if you smell like that but not
my god vanilla perfume is actually
always there I have from cd that of
scooter without aluminum salts bought
pomegranate in the scent direction
I think that works relatively well
for that it has no aluminum salts
I do not know what summer is but
now with winter use it on everyone
fall and therefore bought until after
also after I bought the
cream soap party and buttermilk the
quite amazingly delicious so pleasant
fruity me so intrusive and
That's why I have the night in ours
page he was then I twice the
balea professional europe express
Haarkur bought that is such a one
minutes hq there are five each
milliliter in such a tour so one
Application and I think that was
sometimes in between, because sometimes
I like to use coconut oil masks though
you always need a little bit
more time and when the hair is on
a little blah and you are easy
quickly find what i need are always
very nice then I have the ebeling
bought brush cleaner and I have
the first time I saw it was
not in my usual dm
because although already longer on the
Market is always with me
sold out I have never seen the
mgm seen and now somewhere else under
they had the supplies
this is a brush cleaner
a spray bottle and I wanted that
Try to brush around like that
quick to clean and costs
I think four euros so clearly
cheaper than the vision for example
from mac and that's why thought tests the
one also reports so then I would be so
Like a toothbrush supersoft for
sensitive teeth I have
sensitive gums and that's why
doing more and more to relieve
as well as the alverde
transparent eyebrows goes with one
new fragrance please now what to
First time I'll mean products
I have been using this for a very long time
that for years and I like it too
totally like to eyebrows
fix it because it really lasts a long time
but the smell was always such
a bit of course negative of course
and it seems they have it now
changed I find silly
in fact, that's right, I mean we
We all complained but actually
I do not care how the eyebrows
court but good it has my job
worthy and there I still have at the em
bought two food things and that
once the chips baked in the kettle
rosemary and sea ​​salt from alnatura the
judge even through the pack after
Easter is as high as in chips
unbelievably delicious and they have one
amazing short ingredient list so even
not so bad
and that's why I thought I'd like to come
lima and then the apple likes with
banana likewise and alnatura that is so
awesome i love that
In the summer I have it glasses wise
So in the summer, it was thought probably has
a toddler at home but no me
Eat this ready for my life
apple banana that so delicious and the one from
a daughter is also without sugar
that means only the natural fruit sweetness
and I do not even try it out when
her the combination of apple and banana
but lives is just as tasty
fresh from the fridge so freezing cold
very good
That's what all the products were for you
dm bought but I am after that
again briefly to Rossmann and there have
I also took a few things with me
on the one hand this is a concealer
from alterra and that is
he is just concealer and the only
I bought because it was so amazing
bright is actually brighter than
my skin and that does not happen often
ladies and gentlemen
because that would be almost hannah as white
I'm so pale that he's the least
concealer are really lighter than mine
skin tone and some would like to
just like to have something here
stops a bit and there I find
just really rarely what have now
I saw her and wanted him
Try it because I think so too
It costs three euros and I am very
curious how he behaves so bright
In any case , then ever have
Although I bought usual suspects
namely once the side panel washes
and the oily also make up
remover of rival praise that are
long-term guests with me in the bathroom and me
needed as a dry shampoo that is
now that of alge marina I think that
for the drugstore the best that costs
I also believe three euros and I like
Although that of butt is still on
But the most beloved for the drugstore is that
here by far the best thing you can
can buy and at that time was all
I now just signed up to now only
that used here and I think
that is not very pleasant either me
come here
and last but not least a hair cure of
swiss upa and that the argan oil
Haarkur and this without silicones and the
I already had 23 times
and I really really like them
like just like those of
Ballmer just that in the big tube
I actually wanted that too
buy but the em was not there and
That's why I have them with me
Rossmann bought otherwise I would have the
small hook from because he finally arrived
because I can find it
actually more packaging
always waste those little ones
single portions to take but yes the
I really like that hoe
very much if you like dm wood
looks then I link just next to
me my last two dm of wood from the
december and the month before
and you can still watch and
otherwise I wish you one more
wonderful rest day and see you
at the next video